this guide will show you how to
reference a book using the Harvard style
the details for citing a book will
generally be found on the cover of the
details page also known as the verse of
the book important details include the
author published year title Edition
publishers name and the city where it
was published you will need to format
and present these details in a specific
way author formatted using the family
name comma initial of the first name and
if available the middle initial this is
followed by a space when you have more
than one author you need to include all
of the names this is an example for
three author's please see the library
citation guides for specific information
on how it should be formatted date is
the year the book was published followed
by a comma only is the year of the most
recent edition not the reprint year
book title this is the title of the book
formatted using italics followed by a
comma use capitals for the first letter
of the first word in the title Edition
written using normal text not italics
you need to indicate the auditioning
numerals you also need to include the
word addition abbreviated as edn
followed by comma publisher you must
identify who publish the book the
publisher name is followed by a comma
place of publication only use one place
even if more are shown you need to
include the name of the city a comma
then the name of the country and finish
with a full stop for further assistance
see the library citation guides or ask
library staff for help